[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, I'm Dr. Bradley Nelson.
In this episode of
"E-Motion Code Toolkit,"
I'm going to share with you how
you can identify and get rid
of the heart wall.
In my years of
research, I have found
that getting rid of
your emotional baggage
can change your life and
create more abundance for you.
More love for you.
And more health for you.
Scientists now believe that
the heart is a second brain.
It is the part of you that
holds your creativity, your best
creative ideas.
It's the source of
love and romance.
And really, the
core of your being.
This is what the ancient peoples
believed about the heart.
And now, with the
new instrumentation
that we have in our
day, we're finding out
that the ancient
people we're right.
The heart is all
of those things.
When you feel like your
heart is going to break--
when you're going through
a divorce, or some kind
of relationship
difficulties, or you're
being abused, or hurt, or
deeply grieved in some way--
it can feel like your
heart is breaking.
And it's a physical sensation.
And if you've
experienced this, you
know what I'm talking about.
It can feel like there's an
elephant sitting on your chest.
Or like you're choking,
like you can't breathe.
In those circumstances, what's
going on is that your heart--
that most delicate part of
you, the core of your being--
is really under assault.
And when that happens--
if it happens more
than once or twice,
your subconscious mind will put
up a wall around your heart.
And that wall is
literally made from layers
of your emotional baggage--
your trapped emotions.
In this episode, I'm going to
show you how you can find out
if you have a heartwall.
And how you can start to
release those emotions
that are making up
the layers of energy
around that heart of yours.
How do you know if
you have a heartwall?
Well, 93% of people do so the
odds are, you do have one.
But there is a more positive,
more discreet, and clear way
that you can find out
if you have a heartwall.
And that is simply by asking
your subconscious mind.
There are two ways I'm going
to share with you right
now that you can do this.
The first method
looks like this,
the elbow test-- we shared
that with you earlier.
You can also use the
sway test to find out
if you have a heartwall.
As you focus on that thought,
or that statement, or question--
do I have a heartwall?
Or I have a heartwall,
either way--
as you focus on that,
if you do your body will
start to go forward.
If you don't, your body
will start to go backward.
If you get a no answer,
try using the word hidden.
I have a hidden heartwall.
And your body may very well
sway forward on that one.
Now, let's talk
about how you can
release an emotion
from your heartwall
and start taking that wall down.
Sometimes if you're
in a bad situation--
a dysfunctional relationship,
difficult work, et cetera--
your body may not be ready
to release your heartwall.
So the first question
that you need to ask
is, can I release an emotion
from my heartwall now?
Ask that question
and you'll either
get a strong or a weak answer.
Or your body will sway forward,
for yes, or backward, for no.
If you get a yes answer--
at that point, you can go
to the emotion code chart
that you see here
and you can ask--
where is this emotion?
Is it in column A or B?
One of those will be strong.
And then following the same
method that we used earlier
that I showed you in
the previous episode--
you'll be able to identify
the emotion and release it.
You want to continue this
process until you've gotten rid
of all the emotions that are
surrounding that wall of yours.
What we have seen over
many years is that when
your heartwall is taken
down, your ability to love--
to give love, but
also to receive love--
improves.
People's relationships improve.
People that are around you--
people that you interact with--
will pick up on a
subconscious level
that, that wall is taken down.
And you will see that people
start to react differently
to you and interact differently
with you than they have before,
even if they have no idea that
you've taken down this wall.
It's an amazing thing.
People sometimes find love who
never ever thought they would.
People sometimes fall in
love who never thought
they'd ever fall in love.
Sometimes people, for the first
time in their life, feel joy.
People often have
creative ideas that
start to flow out of their
heart because you see,
your heart is where your best
creative ideas really are.
They're not up
here in this brain.
They're in this brain.
I believe that one of
the most important things
that you can do for
yourself is to get rid
of that wall around your heart.
It's a key to being happy.
It's a key to connecting
with other people.
It's also a key to
health because you see,
your heart is continually
sending messages
to all the cells in your body.
When you have a
heartwall, it interferes
with that ability of your
heart to really communicate.
If you get stuck, if you
have any issues at all--
my recommendation is to get a
copy of "The Emotion Code" book
and read it.
There's more detail in there
about how this process works.
Thank you for joining me
on this journey of healing.
I hope that you'll take
these very simple tools
of "The E-motion Code," get rid
of your heartwall start getting
rid of the rest of
your emotional baggage.
And unlock the powerful healer
and the powerful individual
that you are inside.
Thanks for listening.